Support reviewdog command line argument changes (--fail-level) (#72)
reviewdog/action-trivy: README.md

### `fail_on_error`

**Deprecated**. This option is no longer recommended for use and will be removed in future versions.

Optional. Exit code for reviewdog when errors are found [`true`, `false`].

The default is `false`.

See [reviewdog documentation for exit codes](https://github.com/reviewdog/reviewdog/tree/master#exit-codes) for details.

### `fail_level`

> Optional. The level of failures that will cause the action to fail [any,info,warning,error].
> 
> The default is `error`.

Reviewer: Description hasn't been fixed yet.
It might be better to use the same sentence as in action-rubocop.

```suggestion
Optional. If set to none, always use exit code 0 for reviewdog. Otherwise, exit code 1 for reviewdog if it finds at least 1 issue with severity greater than or equal to the given level. Possible values: [none, any, info, warning, error] Default is none.

The default is `none`.
```
ref. https://github.com/reviewdog/action-rubocop?tab=readme-ov-file#inputs
